华夏有夫WaaHaaHasTheMen

新冠病毒让我想起《权利的游戏中》的“异鬼”，前几年出现在永冬之地并杀死了一名守夜人,那时仿佛离北境的人们还很远，后来异鬼军团攻破了绝境长城，现在已经兵临城下，临冬城伤亡惨重，可这支大军只是先锋部队,凛冬将至！
COVID-19 reminds me of the White Walkers in Game of Thrones, who appeared in the Land of Eternal Winter and killed a man of the Night's Watch a few years ago, when it seemed as if the people of the North were still far away. Then the White Walkers conquered the Great Wall, and now they are at the gates. Winterfell has suffered heavy casualties, but this army is the vanguard, Winter is coming!

病毒会不断的变异，我们将会遭受反复的攻击，目前的形势下我们已无法有效的保护孩子、妇孺和老人。病毒神出鬼没，如同鬼魅，我们无从招架，防不胜防。随时可能出现的更加凶猛的病毒更让后果不堪设想。面对不确定性，我们需要思考、我们需要方案、我们需要行动、我们需要能以简易的、不易的、可持续、可积累、保安康、稳民生、中和的防疫策略以应对不断的变易，为了能够安身立命，安居乐业，在下草拟了一个定位，一个目标，一个理念及三条策略与朋友们分享，以供大家交流讨论，以供官方参考。
The virus will continue to mutate, we will be under repeated attack, and we cannot effectively protect children, women, children and the elderly in the current situation. The virus is here and there, like a ghost, and we can't defend against it. The prospect of a more aggressive virus at any time makes the consequences even worse. In the face of uncertainty, we need to think, we need to plan, we need to take actions, we need to be able to cope with the constant changes with simple, not easy, sustainable, accumulable, health, stability of people's livelihood and neutral strategy. In order to be able to live and work in peace and contentment, I have drafted a position, a goal, a concept and three strategies to share with friends. For communication and discussion, for official reference.

一个定位：
自我防疫不是单打独斗，求得自保，更不是坐以待毙，任人宰割。我们应当组织起来列阵迎敌，以示勇武，予以抗击。自我防疫应该是我为人人，人人为我的联合防疫。
One position:
Self-epidemic prevention is not about fighting alone and seeking self-protection, still less is it about sitting still and being trampled by others. We should organize into formations to meet the enemy and show our valour to fight back. Self-quarantine should be one for all and all for one.

一个目标：
以中和的防疫策略，发扬动态清零的精神，实现社会面清零的目标，保护安全的公共环境，以安家邦，以促民生。
One goal:
We should adopt a neutral epidemic prevention strategy, carry forward the spirit of dynamic zero elimination, achieve the goal of zero elimination by social meeting, protect a safe public environment, and promote people's livelihood with the help of peace and stability.

一个理念：
自主自觉，同心同德，我为人人，人人为我，众志成城，安康家邦。
An idea:
Self-consciousness, one heart, I for everyone, everyone for me, united, Ankang home state.

三条策略：
Three strategies:
一、自我监查为主
1. 自我监查身体状态，有感冒发烧症状则不出家⻔，不在社会面活动，自行居家隔离。
2. 自我监查检测状态，出⻔必须有当日自测抗原并上传至健康码，当日抗原阴性，健康码为正常，则可以出⻔，可以在社会面公共场所活动。
3. 自主自觉，相互提醒、相互监督，积极宣传，让更多的亲朋好友一起加入，共筑防线。
4. 非常时期、非常事件
a. 希望官方能够建立或征用生产线，亲自生产抗原试剂。保证准确，安全、便宜、产量， 免费面向全⺠发放，或以成本价低价流通。标准有效的抗原工具是自主防疫的基础，防疫是民族大义、民生大计，不应是经济行为，希望不要引入市场因素。
b. 希望官方能够保留健康码系统，并形成全国联网，一套机制，一码通用，健康码开放个人抗原上传接口，能够让用户自行扫码上传当日抗原结果并生成健康码状态。
First, self-inspection
1. Self-check the physical status. If you have a cold and fever, you will not go out of the house, do not meet social activities, and quarantine yourself at home.
2. Self-check test status, go out must have the day of self-test antigen and upload to the health code, the day of antigen negative, health code is normal, you can go out, can meet in public places activities.
3. Self-consciously, remind and supervise each other, actively publicize, and let more friends and relatives join together to build a defense line.
4. An extraordinary time or event
a. It is hoped that officials can establish or requisition production lines to personally produce antigen reagents. Guarantee accuracy, safety, cheap, yield, free for all people to distribute, or at cost price low circulation. Standard and effective antigenic tools are the basis for independent epidemic prevention. Epidemic prevention is a matter of national interests and people's livelihood, and should not be an economic act. We hope that market factors will not be introduced.
b. It is hoped that the official health code system can be maintained and a national network can be formed, with a set of mechanisms, one code is universal, and the health code can open the personal antigen uploading interface, enabling users to scan and upload the antigen results of the day and generate the health code status.

二、场所检查为次
1. 公共场所主体责任制。学校、医院、单位、商场、餐厅、小区、企业等公共场所责任主体负责对工作人员及进入本场所的人员进行身体状态检查及检测状态检查，所有工作人员及进入人员均必须体温正常，并持有当日有效的健康码。
2. 为了公众健康，任何人在公共场所发现疑似感冒发烧症状人员可向公共场所责任主体或官方部⻔报告。
a. 向场所主体报告，场所主体应当立即核验疑似者的身体状态是否正常，即体温是否正常。核验检测状态是否正常，即是否有当日正常健康码。如果场所主体工作出现失误应立即纠正错误，并采取必要合理的补救措施。
b. 向官方部门报告，疑似者如果没有当日正常健康码，并且被核验为阳性，则应自费强制隔离。
c. 向官方部门报告，疑似者如果没有当日正常健康码，无论是否被核验为阳性，公共场所主体负有管理责任，则应停业整改。
Two, the site inspection for the first time
1. Main responsibility system in public places. Schools, hospitals, units, shopping malls, restaurants, communities, enterprises and other public places are responsible for the physical inspection and detection of the staff and entering the place, all staff and entering personnel must be normal body temperature, and hold a valid health code on the day.
2. For the sake of public health, anyone who finds symptoms of a cold and fever in a public place can report them to the responsible body of the public place or the official department.
a. Report to the site body, which shall immediately check whether the suspected person's physical state is normal, i.e. whether the body temperature is normal. Check whether the detection status is normal, that is, whether there is a normal health code of the day. If there is a mistake in the main work of the site, it should be corrected immediately and take necessary and reasonable remedial measures.
b. Report to the official authorities that if the suspected person does not have the normal health code of the day and is tested positive, he/she shall be quarantined forcibly at his/her own expense.
c. Report to the official department, if the suspected person does not have the normal health code of the day, no matter whether the person is tested positive, the public place subject to management responsibility, should be closed for rectification.

三、不定抽查为辅
1. 官方部⻔随时对学校、医院、单位、商场、餐厅、小区、企业等公共场所的工作人员及进入人员随机进行身体状态及检测状态抽查。
a. 被抽查者如果没有当日正常健康码，并且被核验为阳性，则应自费强制隔离。
b. 被抽查者如果没有当日正常健康码，无论是否被核验为阳性，公共场所主体负有管理责任，应停业整改。
Three, random inspection is auxiliary
1. Official departments shall randomly check the physical status and detection status of staff and visitors in public places such as schools, hospitals, units, shopping malls, restaurants, communities and enterprises at any time.
a. If the selected person does not have the normal health code of the day and is tested positive, he/she shall be quarantined at his/her own expense.
b. If the person who is randomly checked does not have the normal health code of the day, no matter whether the person is tested positive or not, the public place subject shall bear the management responsibility and shall close the business for rectification.
“天行健，君子以自强不息，地势坤，君子以厚德载物”
"The sky is moving vigorously, the gentleman to self-improvement, terrain Kun, the gentleman to be virtuous"
“自天子以于庶人，一是皆以修身为本”
"From the son of Heaven to the common people, one is to cultivate the moral"
孟子曰:“吾善养吾浩然之气”
Mencius said, 'My kindness nurtures my noble spirit.'
“彼气有七，吾气有一，以一敌七，吾何患焉!况浩然者，乃天地之正气也”
"There are seven of them and one of me, and one of them is against seven. Why should I be bothered? Those who are in great circumstances are the righteous spirit of heaven and earth."
明理是智，智则能诚，成人是仁，仁则无敌，笃行是勇，勇则有为，和宜是义，义则生生。
Understanding is wisdom, wisdom can be honest, adult is ren, ren is invincible, Benedict is yong, yong is for, and appropriate is righteousness, righteousness is born.
让我们携手列阵，以自强不息的精神，浩然正义的信念，修身正己的态度，智仁勇义的行动，共筑长城抵御病毒，让我们正义勇武，兵来将挡，水来土掩！
Let us hand in hand, with the spirit of self-improvement, Hao Ran the belief of justice, self-discipline attitude, Zhiren Yong righteousness action, build a Great Wall to resist the virus, let us just and brave, the army will stop, the water will cover!
《诗》曰:“德輶如毛。”毛犹有伦，上天之载，无声无臭，至矣!
The Book of Songs says, "Virtue is as light as a hair." Light as a hair there's still something to compare. "Heaven carries neither sound nor smell." This is the highest level!

